--- 
layout: 
title: hdhd
--- 

# Welcome

Editorial is a powerful editor for writing plain text, [Markdown][md], [TaskPaper][tp], and [Fountain][fntn] documents. In addition to the editor itself, Editorial comes with a comprehensive automation toolkit for snippets, document templates, and custom workflows, including Python scriptability.

# Getting Started

If you're new to Editorial, here are some tips to help you get up and running:

*	To create a **new document**, tap `[Title](URL)≡` to reveal the file browser, then tap `+` at the bottom. You can also use a swipe gesture to show the file browser.

*	Swipe left to show the Markdown/Fountain **preview** and the in-app **web browser**. You can open multiple browser tabs to do research while you're writing.

*	While editing a document, tap on its title to show the **outline** (list of headings), and to rename it. Using the outline, you can navigate long documents more quickly.

*	Tap the *wrench* button to view the list of **workflows** – these are the heart of Editorial's extensive automation system. A couple of default workflows are already there, but you can customize this list by creating your own or choosing from the bundled collection of extra workflows (tap *More Workflows* at the bottom of the list).

*	In Markdown and TaskPaper documents, you'll see a little triangle next to each header – you can tap it to **fold** (hide) a section. When a section is folded, its word count (or task count) is shown next to the title. Tap the word count label or the triangle again to unfold a section. You can also unfold everything by tapping the triangle button in the top-lefthand corner.

*	**Snippets** allow you insert commonly used pieces of text by typing abbreviations – for example, type `wbr` to insert "With best regards", or `ppp` to quickly paste the clipboard without using the editing menu. You can view (and edit) the list of snippets by tapping the *lightning* key on the extra keyboard row. The default snippets also include some helpers for Markdown formatting, e.g. `llnk` to insert a link. Editorial also supports TextExpander snippets – you can import them from the settings.

*	You can move the cursor by sliding your finger anywhere on the extra keyboard row.

*	A lot of keys in the extra keyboard row have multiple mappings. For example, you can tap and hold the `>` key to select `<`.

# What's New in 1.2￼
# Feedback

I hope you enjoy writing with Editorial. If you have any feedback, please send an email to <editorial@omz-software.com> or visit the [Editorial community forum][forum]. You can also follow me on Twitter:[@olemoritz][tw].


[md]: http://daringfireball.net/markdown
[tp]: http://www.hogbaysoftware.com/products/taskpaper
[fntn]: http://fountain.io
[forum]: http://omz-forums.appspot.com/editorial
[tw]: http://twitter.com/olemoritz